gist-template.md, before:

# Title (Utilizing Regex to Match Email Addresses)

So you want to learn Regex in relation to matching email addresses? This is a great place to start. This gist will explain the regex components you will need to know to match email addresses. Hopefully you can use this information to build your own regex to match email addresses. If you have any questions, please let me know by opening an issue on the GitHub repo or sending me an email at smsmiyazaki@gmail.com.

## Summary

I will be instructing you on ways in which to match email addresses using Regex, which is a universal way to help search for patterns in text. Regex is an extremely useful tool to employ as a developer and one you should at least be somewhat comfortable utilizing. The data we will be searching for in this tutorial will be `/^([a-z0-9_\.-]+)@([\da-z\.-]+)\.([a-z\.]{2,6})$/`.

## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [Grouping Constructs](#grouping-constructs)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [The OR Operator](#the-or-operator)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Character Escapes](#character-escapes)

## Regex Components

### Anchors

### Quantifiers

### Grouping Constructs

### Bracket Expressions

### Character Classes

### The OR Operator

### Flags

### Character Escapes

## Author

A short section about the author with a link to the author's GitHub profile (replace with your information and a link to your profile)

Commit message:

Adding in description of anchors and quanitfiers

gist-template.md, after:

# Utilizing Regex to Match Email Addresses

So you want to learn Regex in relation to matching email addresses? This is a great place to start. This gist will explain the regex components you will need to know to match email addresses. Hopefully you can use this information to build your own regex to match email addresses. If you have any questions, please let me know by opening an issue on the GitHub repo or sending me an email at smsmiyazaki@gmail.com.

## Summary

I will be instructing you on ways in which to match email addresses using Regex, which is a universal way to help search for patterns in text. Regex is an extremely useful tool to employ as a developer and one you should at least be somewhat comfortable utilizing. The data we will be searching for in this tutorial will be `/^([a-z0-9_\.-]+)@([\da-z\.-]+)\.([a-z\.]{2,6})$/`.

## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [Grouping Constructs](#grouping-constructs)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [The OR Operator](#the-or-operator)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Character Escapes](#character-escapes)

## Regex Components

### Anchors
When developing Regular Expressions for email validation users can use two main anchors:
`^`: Which notes the beginning of the string
`$`: Which notes the end of the string
Thus when we are looking for a string that starts with a letter and ends with a letter, we can use the following regex: `/^[a-z]+$/`. This is to show that the string and search parameters are all of the valid characters between the `^` and `$` anchors.

### Quantifiers
When developing Regular Expressions for email validation users can use two types of quantifiers:
`+`: Which connects the previous character to the next character; or in this case, the users email name to the email service host and to the email service domain.
`{2,6}`: Which sets the minimum and maximum allowable number of characters that can be used in the email service domain.
### Grouping Constructs

### Bracket Expressions

### Character Classes

### The OR Operator

### Flags

### Character Escapes

## Author

A short section about the author with a link to the author's GitHub profile (replace with your information and a link to your profile)

## References
https://www.rexegg.com/regex-anchors.html
https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/computer-science/regex-tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhzKDrUiJVk&ab_channel=WebDevSimplified
